All right.
Last a little bit of setup here.
So we have fetch some information that we assign to page props and we needed to make sure that this
information gets down into the page we're trying to display.
There might also be some data, say, about the current user that we want to share with some header
component that we need to eventually create as well.
So how are we going to share all this information around?
Well, down here at the return statement, I'm going to replace return data with return.
And we're going to throw in there page props.
And we're also going to pass in current user.
So we need to extract the current user out of this data right here.
So I'll say current user is.
Data.
Current user.
Alternatively, we could just put in dot, dot, dot data gets.
Remember that object is going to have a current user property inside of it.
I'm going to delete the console log right there.
So now this information that we are returning from this object is going to show up as props up here.
So you'll notice that we kind of kept that same idea of naming page props with page props.
So whatever we are getting out of get initial props right here is going to show up as page props up
there and we are already passing that information through into the component.
So now in addition, I'm going to also pull off current user.
We don't really have anywhere to show the current user with this h one header right here.
So how about.
Well, I guess maybe we do.
Let's try to print out here.
How about.
Current user dot email.
Let's try to show some information about the current user inside that h one.
All right, so let's now save this.
I'm going to flip back over.
And now I should see you up.
There is my email.
And I've also got you are not signed in, which means that, oh, that's better.
I said do a refresh.
So you are now signed in.
Awesome.
So that means that we are correctly executing our get initial props for the page or communicating that
information down into the page.
We've also got some custom or additional information fetching that is common to all of the different
pages inside of our application.
So this is pretty much it.
We've now got a working solution.
Now, at this point, I want to mention that what we've come up with here is kind of nasty.
And the fact that NexGen did not just kind of automatically handle the fact that we want to have get
initial props in multiple locations.
Yeah, I wish it was a little bit easier to use in this if all this stuff seems really confusing.
That is totally fine in my opinion.
This is a little bit more complicated than it really had to be, and I think that maybe this API could
have been designed a little bit more easily to use, but that's life.
This is what we get.
And to be honest with you, if we were trying to do all this server side rendering stuff from scratch
and not use next us, we would have been running into our own gigantic set of issues.
So at the end of the day, next year really does save us time.
Okay.
So we've got information fetching ability for the entire app inside of this app.
Components get initial props and we also have information fetching ability for individual pages as well.
Okay.
Let's take a pause right here.
Continue in just a moment.